Problem Statement: Banks deal with man sorts of documents on a day-to-day basis. The manual intervention has been increased with the increase in the population as well as the demand for the bank accounts and loans. With digitization taking over the world, banks also need to come up with solutions to ease the lives of customers as well as its employees. Identification & Optical character recognition (OCR) for Structured Documents will help in eradicating the burden in an otherwise lethargic and completely manual process of document verification, be it before opening of an account or loan approval or any other activity. By the usage of OCR in standardised documents required in KYC, such as aadhar, PAN Card, driving License, the customer can also refrain from filling out the common fields, such as: NAME, Date of Birth, Address, Aadhar Number, Contact Number, PAN Number etc in the KYC Forms.

Documents that are used during the process of daily operations can be stored as image files or in PDF.

The documents can be of varied types such as:
Application forms
Customer Request forms
Account Opening Forms
KYC Documents
Agreements
Reports
Certificates
Confidential Reports
Account Statements
Varied document formats including OVDs

For this kind of documents (structured or unstructured), OCR needs to be performed for direct obtention of data from the document, suitable tagging as well as to make the content searchable. This helps in customer onboarding as well as customer relationship enhancement during the lifecycle of any deposit or loan account / service.

Officially Valid Documents – OVDs such as Aadhaar card, Driving License, Voter Identity card, PAN card

Our Solution:
We are proposing a solution which will be consisting of the following:
1. Number of Formats that can be identified
Number of Documents that can be identified
Ability to identify & perform OCR on less-than-optimal scans
Masking of Aadhar Number in Documents

Document / Image can be:
Standardised KYC
Structured Document
Unstructured documents

Obtain from document / image:
Document Identification
Customer / Account Identification
Structured Text within Document
Unstructured Text within Document
Photograph of Customer
Official Signature
Customer Signature
Document Attestation

In case of certain documents such as Aadhar Cards, obtaining the Aadhar number & saving a copy of the document after masking the Aadhar Number from within the document.

Classify the OCR accuracy Score as per clarity of Text in document

Azure Resources:

Get Started with Azure Cognitive Services
Get Started with Azure Computer Vision
Get started with Optical character recognition (OCR) on Azure
Quickstart: Use the Optical character recognition (OCR) client library or REST API
Code Samples
Image Analysis Overview
Spatial Analysis Overview

Prerequisites:
Sample documents as per various document type / language / format, etc.
Sample scanned document / image format:
1. JPEG
2. PDF
3. TIFF

Judging Criteria:
Accuracy
Number of Formats that can be identified
Number of Documents that can be identified
Ability to identify & perform OCR on less-than-optimal scans
Masking of Aadhar Number in Documents

Deliverables:
Presentation.pptx: This should contain a description of what you have tried to build, what problem you are solving and why your Application/solution should be considered for the final round. Download Sample PPT
Video showing the demo functionalities of the application (if applicable)
Github repository link

Note: Please add all the above deliverables in the Github repository and upload the link directly. Click here for submission guidelines in Github.



